Add support for number slices of type `MaybeUninit<T>` (#4316)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: guide/src/reference/types/number-slices.md

# Number Slices: `[u8]`, `[i8]`, `[u16]`, `[i16]`, `[u32]`, `[i32]`, `[u64]`, `[i64]`, `[f32]`, `[f64]`, `[MaybeUninit<u8>]`, `[MaybeUninit<i8>]`, `[MaybeUninit<u16>]`, `[MaybeUninit<i16>]`, `[MaybeUninit<u32>]`, `[MaybeUninit<i32>]`, `[MaybeUninit<u64>]`, `[MaybeUninit<i64>]`, `[MaybeUninit<f32>]`, and `[MaybeUninit<f64>]`

| `T` parameter | `&T` parameter | `&mut T` parameter | `T` return value | `Option<&T>` parameter | `Option<T>` return value | JavaScript representation |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| No | Yes | Yes | No | No | No | A JavaScript `TypedArray` view of the Wasm memory for the boxed slice of the appropriate type (`Int32Array`, `Uint8Array`, etc) |

> > **Note:** While reading from an uninitialized `MaybeUninit` is unsafe in
> > Rust, it is not in Wasm. Though they might contain unspecified values.

Reviewer: Minor corrections:

1. Reading uninitialized memory in Rust isn't just unsafe, it's UB.
2. WASM doesn't do the reading, the JS users do.

```suggestion
> **Note:** While reading from an uninitialized `MaybeUninit` is UB in Rust, it is safe in JavaScript. Though they might contain unspecified values.
```

Reviewer: You're right, that's a good idea. I think it would be good to say that data coming from JS is always initialized, so taking a `&[MaybeUninit<u8>]`, while supported, typically doesn't make sense.

Author: Okay, after a lot of different tries I arrived at the current state. I was trying not to explain Rust or Wasm but stay concise to what users need to know only for this feature and nothing else.

Author: Let me know if you want me to improve anything still, we can do that in a follow-up.
